Add and move sharp ib exemple (#371)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/examples/resolved-cfd-dem/cylinder-with-sharp-interface/cylinder-with-sharp-interface.rst

==============================================================================
Flow around a cylinder using the sharp interface method
==============================================================================
Features
----------------------------------
- Solvers: ``gls_sharp_navier_stokes_2d`` (with Q1-Q1) 
- Steady-state problem

> - Explains how to set sharp interface immersed boundary to reprecent a particle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explains how to set sharp interface immersed boundary to represent a particle
```

- Specifies an initial condition
- Displays the use of non-uniform mesh adaptation 

Location of the example
------------------------

- Parameter file: ``/examples/incompressible_flow/2d_flow_around_cylinder/cylinder.prm``

Description of the case
-----------------------

In this example, we study the flow around a static cylinder in 2D using the sharp-interface method to represent the cylinder. The geometry of the flow takes the same basic case defined in 
`Example 3 <../../incompressible-flow/2d-flow-around-cylinder/2d-flow-around-cylinder.html>`_. As such, we use the parameter file associated with `Example 3 <../../incompressible-flow/2d-flow-around-cylinder/2d-flow-around-cylinder.html>`_ as the base for this example. The exact dimensions for this example can be found in the following figure. 

.. image:: images/cylinder_case.png
    :alt: Simulation schematic
    :align: center

> 

Reviewer: I think we should add a Parameter file header hear and then subheaders for parameter subsections

This case uses a cartesian structured rectangular mesh, and we define the position and radius of the immersed boundary.
    

> The mesh is defined with the following parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The mesh is defined using the following subsection.
```

.. code-block:: text

	#---------------------------------------------------
	# Mesh
	#---------------------------------------------------
	subsection mesh
	    set type                 = dealii
	    set grid type            = subdivided_hyper_rectangle
	    set grid arguments       = 2,1: 0,0 : 32 , 16  : true
	    set initial refinement   = 6
	end
	

> As for the `Example 3 <../../incompressible-flow/2d-flow-around-cylinder/2d-flow-around-cylinder.html>`_, we define the boundary condition in order to have an inlet on the left, two slip boundary conditions on the top and bottom, and an outlet on the right of the domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As for the `Example 3 <../../incompressible-flow/2d-flow-around-cylinder/2d-flow-around-cylinder.html>`_, we define the boundary conditions in order to have an inlet on the left, two slip boundary conditions on the top and bottom, and an outlet on the right of the domain.
```

> As for the `Example 3 <../../incompressible-flow/2d-flow-around-cylinder/2d-flow-around-cylinder.html>`_, we define the boundary condition in order to have an inlet on the left, two slip boundary conditions on the top and bottom, and an outlet on the right of the domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As for the `Example 3 <../../incompressible-flow/2d-flow-around-cylinder/2d-flow-around-cylinder.html>`_, we define the boundary condition in order to have an ``inlet`` on the left, two ``slip`` boundary conditions at the top and bottom, and an ``outlet`` on the right of the domain.
```

.. code-block:: text

	# --------------------------------------------------
	# Boundary Conditions
	#---------------------------------------------------

	subsection boundary conditions
	set number                  = 3
	   
	    subsection bc 0
	set id = 0
		set type              = function
		subsection u
		    set Function expression = 1
		end
		subsection v
		    set Function expression = 0
		end
		subsection w
		    set Function expression = 0
		end
	    end
	    subsection bc 1
	set id = 2
		set type              = slip
	    end
	    subsection bc 2
	set id = 3
		set type              = slip
	    end
	end
	

> The initial condition has been modified compared to the initial solution proposed in `Example 3 <../../incompressible-flow/2d-flow-around-cylinder/2d-flow-around-cylinder.html>`_. We use the following initial condition to ensure that the particle's boundary condition is satisfied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``initial condition`` has been modified compared to the initial solution proposed in `Example 3 <../../incompressible-flow/2d-flow-around-cylinder/2d-flow-around-cylinder.html>`_. We use the following ``initial condition`` to ensure that the particle's boundary condition is satisfied.
```

.. code-block:: text

	#---------------------------------------------------
	# Initial condition
	#---------------------------------------------------
	subsection initial conditions
	    set type = nodal
	    subsection uvwp
		    set Function expression = 0; 0; 0
	    end
	end
	

> The only thing that is left to define is the immersed boundary. At this point, the immersed boundary tool only allows the representation of spherical objects. This means the immersed boundary can represent a cylinder in 2D and a spherical shell in 3d. We refer to the parameter definition of the immersed boundary in `this <../../../parameters/resolved_cfd-dem/resolved_cfd-dem.html>`_ section of the documentation.

Reviewer: Apart from the first sentence, I would put this in a note box

> In this case, we want to define a cylindrical boundary of radius 0.5 center at (8,8) that has no velocity.

Reviewer 2: I would use the work circular instead of cylindrical.

.. code-block:: text

	# --------------------------------------------------
	# IB particules
	#---------------------------------------------------
        subsection particles
                set number of particles = 1
                set stencil order = 2
                set refine mesh inside radius factor = 0.8
                set refine mesh outside radius factor = 1.2
                set initial refinement = 0
                set integrate motion = false
                set assemble Navier-Stokes inside particles = false
            subsection particle info 0
                subsection position
                    set Function expression =8;8
                end
                subsection velocity
                    set Function expression =0;0
                end
                    set radius = 0.5
            end
        end

> * The ``number of particles`` is set to one as we only want one cylinder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ``number of particles`` is set to one as we only want one particle.
```

> * The ``stencil order`` is set to 2 as this is the highest order we can use, and it won't lead to Runge instability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ``stencil order`` is set to 2 as this is the highest order we can use, and it does not lead to Runge instability.
```

> * The ``refine mesh inside radius factor`` is set to 0.8. This will create a mesh refinement around the particle that avoids having hanging nodes used in the calculation and help ensure a small enough mesh around the cylinder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ``refine mesh inside radius factor`` is set to 0.8. This will create a mesh refinement around the particle that avoids having hanging nodes in the calculation and help ensure an adequately fine mesh around the particle.
```

> * The ``refine mesh outside radius factor`` is set to 1.2. This will create a mesh refinement around the particle that avoids having hanging nodes used in the calculation and help ensure a small enough mesh around the cylinder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ``refine mesh outside radius factor`` is set to 1.2. This will create a mesh refinement around the particle that avoids having hanging nodes in the calculation and help ensure a small enough mesh around the particle.
```

> * The ``initial refinement`` is set to 0. In this case, the initial mesh is small enough that the mesh around the particle is sufficiently smaller than the particle. In this case, it's not necessary to pre-refine the mesh around the particle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ``initial refinement`` is set to 0. In this case, the initial mesh is small enough to ensure that the mesh around the particle is sufficiently smaller than the particle. In this case, it is not necessary to pre-refine the mesh around the particle.
```

* The ``integrate motion`` is set to false because we are not interested in the dynamic of the particle as this is a steady case.

* The ``assemble Navier-Stokes inside particles`` is set to false because we are not interested in the flow inside of the particle.

* The ``position`` Function expression is set to 8;8 as the position of the particle is constant in time, and the center of the particle is at this position. 

* The ``velocity`` Function expression is set to 0;0 as the velocity of the particle is 0 and the case is steady. 

> All the other parameters have been set to there default values since they don't play a role in this case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the other parameters have been set to their default values since they do not play a role in this case.
```

> This results in the following solution for the velocity and pressure field. 

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this sentence.

> Velocity:

Reviewer: Before that, I would write a Results header

 
.. image:: images/exemple10_velocite.png
    :alt: Simulation schematic
    :align: center

Pressure: 

.. image:: images/exemple10_pression.png
    :alt: Simulation schematic
    :align: center

We get the following force applied on the particle for each of the mesh refinements, which is similar to the one obtained with a conformal mesh in `Example 3 <../../incompressible-flow/2d-flow-around-cylinder/2d-flow-around-cylinder.html>`_. 

.. code-block:: text

particle_ID    T_z      f_x       f_y    
          0 -0.033177 5.698080  0.016542 
          0 -0.006670 6.438133  0.004265 
          0 -0.000349 6.773126 -0.000063 
          0  0.000040 6.905268 -0.000170 
          0 -0.000014 6.962307  0.000057 
          
.. note:: 

> 	The drag coefficient obtained in this case is above the drag coefficient for a cylinder at a Reynolds number of 1 as the size of the domain is not big enough relative to the size of the particle. The flow around the particle is then constrained, and this leads to a higher drag coefficient.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	The drag coefficient obtained in this case is higher than the drag coefficient for a cylinder at a Reynolds number of 1 as the size of the domain is not large enough relative to the size of the particle. The flow around the particle is then constrained, and this leads to a higher drag coefficient.
```
